{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang13321{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Garamond;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa200\sl240\slmult1\qc\lang100\b\f0\fs28 DEATH ROULETTE - FREEWRITING PAD\b0\par
\pard\sl240\slmult1\qc ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\pard\sl240\slmult1\qj\b\fs22 ENTRY 001 - Inoue's Confession\par
Placement:\b0  August Chapter\par
\par
In the heat of the argument between Ichirou and Sayo's groups, one voice silenced the rest and all heads upon its direction.\par
\par
\i Inoue:\i0  "Everyone, please... Listen to me. Enough of all the speculations and accusations. I will talk."\par
\par
\i Ichirou:\i0  "What do you mean, Inoue?"\fs28\par
\fs22\par
\i Inoue:\i0  "I witnessed it - the moment of Kirisaki's death."\par
\par
\b *GASP*\b0\par
\par
\i Ichirou:\i0  "Please, tell us! If you're telling the truth, then we will listen."\par
\par
\i Inoue:\i0  "The image... still forged deep within my memory. I thought I might have lost my mind to trauma while I was still hospitalized. But with Hiroshi's death, I realized that everything was real... a waking nightmare... His screams, pleading for someone to save him from his infernal suffering. And I couldn't do anything..."\par
\par
Every sentence, every word... Inoue slowly, slowly, slowly trailed off into the insanity she acquainted with during her detention. Kyou's final moments flashed violently in her mind, while she fought back her tears and tried maintaining her sanity.\par
\par
\i Inoue:\i0  "It was me."\par
\par
"WHAT?! You can't be serious!"\par
\par
\i Sayo:\i0  "Inoue, are you certain about what you claim?! Aren't you incriminating yourself for Kirisaki's murder?"\par
\par
\i Inoue:\i0  "Sayo, I need not hear a lecture from you. Besides, don't I consider you a suspect in our abduction?"\par
\par
\i Sayo:\i0  "I never! Anyway, for everyone's sake, you must speak the truth and \i only\i0  the truth regarding what you saw."\par
\par
\i Inoue:\i0  "That is the truth! You -"\par
\par
\i Sayo:\i0  "Never mind me! Your testimony!"\par
\par
\i Inoue:\i0  "If you insist, I'll have to deal with you personally later..."\par
\par
She collected her thoughts, quelled her emotions and went about the events for a short while. Inoue and the rest readied themselves, then she spoke.\par
\par
\i Inoue:\i0  "I caused his death - I didn't make myself clear the first time. We had a fight in the conjuncting chemistry lab, one I can only vaguely recall, and I shoved him to a shelf full of chemicals. He was bathed in them, and he winced and fell into a stupor."\par
\par
\i Inoue:\i0  "Still in shock, I dragged him to the infirmary and propped him up to the bed. There was no container big enough to hold a medium amount of water. Instead, I connected a hose to one of the taps - I didn't check. As soon as I opened the taps, flame rushed down and almost burned the entire room. I extinguished the fire, and what was left was Kirisaki's body, burned to a crisp beyond recognition."\par
\par
Silence...\par
\par
\i Inoue:\i0  "\i *sniff*\i0  I murdered him... You can all stop bickering about his death for now."\par
\par
She broke down in tears, caving in the guilt she gained from her actions. Hikaru came to her aid and wiped the tears gushing forth her eyes. Yoshiro shared his thoughts to the rest of the group.\par
\par
\i Yoshiro:\i0  "People may or may not believe what you just said, but... it's just my thought."\par
\par
\i Inoue:\i0  "Go on."\par
\par
\i Yoshiro:\i0  "You're innocent. I know it. You were set up by the culprit, and warped your mind in such a way that would incite confusion in your memory. You may be aware of some of your actions, but there are holes left to fill when deciding your innocence and guilt."\par
\par
\i Hikaru:\i0  "What do you mean, Yoshiro? She told us her story, and she swallowed her fear in order to do so."\par
\par
\i Yoshiro:\i0  "No, Hikaru... It's far more complicated than that. Besides, aren't we also supposed to be looking into who is behind all of this?"\i\par
\i0\par
Inoue's emotions shifted back to rage and charged at her suspect. Hikaru held her back.\par
\i\par
Inoue:\i0  "It was you! Sayo Ronoroa!"\par
\par
She broke free from Hikaru's grasp and grabbed Sayo by her blouse's collar.\par
\par
\i Sayo:\i0  "It wasn't me, I tell you! Ack! You have no evidence either way..."\par
\par
\i Inoue:\i0  "Of course I don't. Because it no longer exists... it was disposed to cover up your involvement in the kidnapping. So, you criminal, confess!"\par
\par
Ichirou and Yoshiro each held an arm despite Inoue's solid resistance.\par
\par
\i Sayo:\i0  "You don't know what you're talking about. Let me go, Inoue!"\par
\par
At last they were separated. Hikaru and Ichirou took Inoue away to calm her nerves. Sayo was on the ground, clutching her neck and coughing violently from the former's chokehold.\par
\par
\i Sayo:\i0  "This is madness..."\par
\par
Miyu extended his hand and helped Sayo sit on the bench outside IV-E. Ikuko rushed from inside and procured a water bottle for her. She drank half and remained speechless for a minute.\par
\par
\i Miyu:\i0  "Shall we report this to Mrs. Genkai?"\par
\par
\i Sayo:\i0  "I know. But for now, let me forgive her. She may have wronged me, but I cannot afford to upset her any further."\par
\par
\i Miyu:\i0  "She has no evidence! What right has she to assault you in any way?"\par
\par
\i Ikuko:\i0  "Miyu, please remain calm. Sayo's having a lot running in her head now."\par
\par
\i Miyu:\i0  "Sayo's being falsely accused of murder or at least masterminding the kidnappings. I suppose you're aware of the consequences if we let this slide?"\par
\par
\i Ikuko:\i0  "I know that. It's just -"\par
\par
\i Miyu:\i0  "We \i cannot\i0  set this issue aside. Ikuko... we already have two victims since the start of the year - worse, the second happened to be inside the Council Office!"\par
\par
\i Sayo:\i0  "That's enough, Miyu..."\par
\par
\i Miyu:\i0  "I'm not letting people point fingers at each other with just a mere hunch for basis. If we are to nab the killer, I suggest we do it now! Unless you want to watch someone else die by the end of the month."\par
\par
\i Sayo:\i0  "As the President, I command you to stop!"\par
\par
The words, produced from the Council President's welling irritation, pierced through the walls of the classroom and through Miyu's character. Sayo and Ikuko's classmates glanced out the window and saw the shivering figure of Miyu, shocked at her sudden lashing.\par
\par
Sayo came through and hung her head in dismay.\par
\par
\i Sayo:\i0  "I fully understand why you're acting that way, Miyu. Even I couldn't bear to witness another murder if there ever will be."\par
\par
Miyu responded nothing and crossed his arms; Ikuko likewise.\par
\par
\i Sayo:\i0  "But you know the difference between yours and mine - sentiments, I mean?"\par
\par
\i Miyu:\i0  "I get it."\par
\par
\i Sayo:\i0  "Yes... exactly. I'm the head of the student body, and there's a code of responsibility I must upkeep. It gnaws at me each day, telling me I could have done more to stop the crimes from ever happening. And still, it does not suffice... yet, I've been delivering my all! I have!"\par
\par
\i Sayo:\i0  "If it is for petty reasons, Miyu, then I can see things from your standpoint. I ask you to do the same, not just for me or Inoue, but for everyone else."\par
\par
\i Miyu:\i0  "I'm scared..."\par
\par
\i Sayo:\i0  "Pardon?"\par
\par
\i Miyu:\i0  "I don't want to die... not like the way Kyou and Hiroshi met theirs. It's f... messed up! Savaged like they were animals..."\par
\par
\i Ikuko:\i0  "Me neither. All I can do now is to assure my parents of my safety. Though I guarantee, they'll stop me from attending classes here in MSCI if another one falls..."\par
\par
\i Miyu:\i0  "If only Emmerich would hurry up with his investigation... if only that pathetic excuse of a criminal would just raise his flag and die!"\par
\par
Just outside IV-A, Inoue clenched her teeth as she listened to Ichirou and Yoshiro's questions and sermons. Occasionally, Inoue would explode and object to anything that would raise her blood pressure. Hikaru was present, trying to rationalize her and eased the current tension.\par
\par
After her third objection and subsequent rationalization, Inoue has considerably mellowed though her teeth were still visibly gritting.\par
\par
\i Yoshiro:\i0  "Now. Now. Let's not get ahead of ourselves. We ask you once more, Inoue, are you a hundred percent sure of your statement moments ago? Yes or no?"\par
\par
\i Inoue:\i0  "You think I'm off my head, don't you?"\par
\par
\i Yoshiro:\i0  "No, we don't. If Emmerich is to question you however, I fear he may not be as lenient as any of us. Just trying to be fair here. Again, your answer?"\par
\par
\i Inoue:\i0  "Yes. I did not make any of it up!"\par
\par
\i Yoshiro:\i0  "That's my exit cue."\par
\par
His questioning done, Yoshiro stepped aside and allowed her some breathing room. Hikaru peaked around the corner towards the other Fourth Year classrooms. She saw, on one bench, Sayo and Ikuko, and standing before them, Miyu. He dropped his crossed arms as Hikaru withdrew her neck.\par
\par
\i Inoue:\i0  "Why is he on that girl's side?"\par
\par
\i Hikaru:\i0  "Don't think too hard about it, Inoue. He must be getting her own side, that's all."\par
\par
\i Inoue:\i0  "Hmph. What lies are she feeding him? Who is to say that her words are to be trusted?"\par
\par
\i Ichirou:\i0  "Aren't you in the same position as well? Thinking about it..."\par
\par
\i Inoue:\i0  "Ichi, you shut the f-!"\par
\par
\i Hikaru:\i0  "Tsk!"\par
\par
Hikaru's glare tore through both of them, averting any further animosity between them. Inoue became agitated once more, while Ichirou brushed aside her almost-curse.\par
\par
\i Ichirou:\i0  "Look... if you were to tell this to anyone - not us, not your brother, not your parents - they're gonna think of you as a criminal."\par
\par
Inoue rolled her eyes and gazed at the wall.\par
\par
\i Ichirou:\i0  "What you just testified is damning to your reputation. Be it false or true, that's gonna deal a significant damage to your reputation for sure. Oh, and it's not just yours, mind you."\par
\par
Though his tone sarcastic, he scanned his eyes around his companions hoping to deliver his point.\par
\par
\i Ichirou:\i0  "By any chance, do you record every call into to your landline?"\par
\par
\i Inoue:\i0  "Normally, we don't. Not that night either."\par
\par
\i Ichirou:\i0  "Then... you have no evidence. We have no leads to follow."\par
\par
\i Inoue:\i0  "Fine."\par
\par
\i Hikaru:\i0  "But you mentioned something about a letter sent to you by the culprit. Can you remember the sender's name?"\par
\par
\i Inoue:\i0  "L.C. No idea who that is, for sure."\par
\par
Those initials... if every student and staff are to be considered, nobody holds those or even comes close. If there were connections somehow, they could discover a link... But what?\par
\par
Ichirou's face brightened.\par
\par
\i Ichirou:\i0  "Is it, by any chance, Let Carnegie?"\par
\par
He received three puzzled faces, silently asking if that was a random outburst - yet again - from him. He explained himself.\par
\par
\i Ichirou:\i0  "That name popped up when I researched the records online regarding the people and events on both Kutsutochi and Sacred Heart Village. I needed to find some sort of overlap. Though if you will excuse me and listen to what I have to say, we might be one step towards the right path."\par
\par
\pard\sl240\slmult1\qc\fs28 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\pard\sl240\slmult1\qj\b\fs22 ENTRY 002 - The Second Visit\par
Placement:\b0  July Chapter\par
\par
I watched Sayo leave through the door - approved but quite hesitant of my decision to stay behind. To my station I sat and produced the Flash Drive Tomonori-san gave me at the hospital.\par
\par
\i Whatever you do, share this to no one.\i0\par
\par
Those words, pleading and firm, I had to take heed lest this whole investigation turns out to be in favor of the culprit. Once more, I looked over the division between my terminal and the door.\par
\par
She was there... staring with that naughty-looking smile - a split second before the door shut. Let her think whatever she wants to, but this is a vital piece of information I'm digging into.\par
\par
The contents of the Flash Drive are of only an MP4 file. Clearly, this was done as a sort of countermeasure. Nobody would be able to use it for their personal needs. I do hope Emmerich and I are listening to the same recording.\par
\par
I put on my headphones,  clicked the file and it opened at the Media Player.\par
\par
Well, that's them alright - Inoue and Sayo having a nice friendly chat. But what's this? The Sacred Heart Curse Killings... she really did look them up. Why didn't she relay her findings to us, though? It hurts... a bit. Though I can't really blame her.\par
\par
\i Sayo:\i0  "Actually, our girl is linked to the curse killings..."\par
\par
Really? And I thought the guard was just telling a silly ghost story - oh, of course! Suzumoto-san did appear on an interview related to Kugimiya Oizumi's death, about how she's sorry and all.\par
\par
...\par
\par
What's she talking about? Enlighten me when I get home, Sayo.\par
\par
\i Inoue:\i0  "Good night, Sayo. See you tom -"\par
\par
\i Sayo:\i0  "Sleep tight, dear Inoue."\par
\par
\i Inoue:\i0  "That's sweet, now would you please -"\par
\par
\i Sayo:\i0  "Star light... star bright... \i *hum* *hum* *hum*\i0 "\par
\par
\i Inoue:\i0  "I need to sleep now, okay? Bye!"\par
\par
\b\i *SLAM*\b0\i0\par
\par
\i Sayo:\i0  "...have the wish I wish tonight. *giggle* *giggle* Ehehehehehe..."\par
\par
After the beep, there came silence. The sound file's contour ended in a flat line. Normally, I would have closed the file there, but I needed to see how long this goes. Dragging the scroll bar to the right, I watched as the line went on, and on, and on...\par
\par
I took the headphones off for a minute, as they were already squeezing my head into a pulp. Amidst the light pitter-pattering of rain, there were people passing by the room - a few of which I recognize. Still, I kept on following the line.\par
\par
Though my thinking seems crazy, I found a sharp vertical contour hidden far from where the call has ended. It appears I may be the first to know what this is as Emmerich mentioned nothing of the sort.\par
\par
Headphones reworn, I played the file a few seconds before that section.\par
\par
\b\i *RIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIINNNNNNNNGGGGG*\b0\i0\par
\par
\i Hiroshi:\i0  "Aaaaaaarrrrggghhhh!!! Damn, that hurts!"\par
\par
Stupid prank... my ears are still ringing from whatever crevice of Hell that came from. I... I did not just say it, did I?\par
\par
Black - I became enshrouded in darkness. The rain, or rather, the wind must have caused the outage.\par
\par
\pard\sl240\slmult1\qc\fs28 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\pard\sl240\slmult1\qj\b\fs22 ENTRY 003 - Sayo is Challenged\par
Placement:\b0  July Chapter\par
\par
We arranged ourselves according to surname. I, Ichirou Yokohama, was assigned to Test Room 5 - Classroom IV-E in a normal day. Since First Year, the girls were always more numerous in number compared to the boys.\par
\par
And it looks like I'll be in the same room as my former classmate, Hikaru. She can't stop herself from giving hand signals to Aria, doesn't she?\par
\par
The proctor was already waiting inside, a thick pile of test booklets and answer sheets on his desk. He directed each one of us to sit in a particular seat arranged by column - I was in the second-to-last, back row. Afterwards, he distributed the testing materials to the first row seaters and stressed that we do not open the booklets until he says so.\par
\par
\i Proctor:\i0  "I hope you've brought your No. 2s as instructed. Please fill out the form on the first page. I have written some of the information you might need on the blackboard."\par
\par
He directed our attention to the School ID and Division Number written in big letters. As for the rest of the details, we shaded the circles in the front page to feed our information into a machine. That machine checks for the position of the marks and uses it as input for their database as well as facilitate automated checking of answers later in the test proper - the back page. The black dashes on the right of the page are the markers... some basic stuff that people need to know.\par
\par
Sayo made one last round trip moments later before heading into Test Room 4. After another ten minutes, the teachers gave the proctors a signal, and synchronized the start time to 8AM sharp. The time limit is until noon, and nobody is allowed to leave until then.\par
\par
Everyone opened their test booklets, the proctor sat chin on fingers behind the desk, and we began.\par
\par
\b *BUZZ*\b0\par
\par
That was the sound system! It was supposed to have been fixed yesterday. Or rather, only two hours have barely passed. I thought they would start announcing the time remaining at eleven?\par
\par
\i AAAAAAAAAAAHHHH!!! \b *BREATHE*\b0  AAAAAAAAHHHH!!!\i0\par
\par
What the?! Is that...?\par
\par
\i Kyou:\i0  "\lang1033\b\f1 *WHEEZE*\b0  AAAAAAAAAHHHH!!! It burns! Haa\'85 Haa\'85 It burns! Gah\'85! Ino... ue... HELP ME! SOMEBODY!!!\lang100\f0 "\par
\par
\b\i *STATIC*\i0  *BUZZ*\b0\par
\par
Pencils started dropping on the floor, either by intense shock or by pain coming from that stupid buzz! OW! Whoever set that up is sick... beyond sick! Heck, the whimpering from the girls in the room are extending beyond these walls.\par
\par
\b\i *STATIC*\b0\i0\par
\par
\i Good day, my friends.\i0\par
\par
And a voice spoke, somewhat robotic or otherworldly, but none of which we recognized at all. However, beneath that gentlemanlike tone, there hides... how would Sayo put it?\i\par
\par
First of all, I would like to humbly apologize for the commotion I may have caused. It seems that I have come on an inopportune time. Again, I extend my apologies.\i0\par
\par
The proctor bursted outside, shouting at somebody off-view.\par
\par
\i Proctor:\i0  "Can somebody shut that thing off? It's unnerving everybody!"\par
\par
\i Ichirou:\i0  "No, sir! We have to listen."\par
\par
\i Proctor:\i0  "An official assessment is underway, Mr. Yokohama!"\par
\par
\i Ichirou:\i0  "Evidence, sir! Please, we must let him talk!"\par
\par
Everyone else agreed and supported my plea. The proctor half-heartedly returned to his seat subtly shaking with fear.\par
\par
\i Hikaru:\i0  "But Ms. Harada..."\par
\par
\i I admit it. I'm the one who caused all the trouble the previous month. You have just listened to the final moments of Kyou Kirisaki and I'm certain he is still fresh in your memories. A valiant attempt to save his life, but the moment the flame was permitted to let loose fate had already been decided. A waste, but nevertheless one less worry on my end and add that to the others.\par
\par
So now, I question myself, who is next? Answer this for me, who wishes to go next, I wonder?\i0\par
\par
That bastard!\par
\par
\i Classmate:\i0  "Ichirou!"\par
\par
\i Ichirou:\i0  "Who the hell do you think you are?! Some kind of God? You can't just take our lives for this silly game of yours!"\par
\par
\i Proctor:\i0  "Mr. Yokohama, please settle down."\par
\par
I turned a deaf ear on him and burst out of the classroom. He didn't follow me, only shaking his head in disappointment and disbelief.\par
\par
\i It is rather fascinating - that ecstasy one feels when his conjectures are correct. You expose those who live a double face and tear them down along to the others of their kind. And as made clear by recent events, there are merely two possibilities - a shattered persona or the end of life.\par
\par
If you were given the choice, would rather live on in this world full of sorrow and anguish living the lies you yourself have created, or would you choose mercy and carry on to the next life where all your imagined Utopias come to fruition? This world is naught but an illusion, and all its inhabitants live with an illusion they cannot rid themselves of nonetheless.\par
\par
And I offer salvation - I have finally come. Those who are the chosen few, I congratulate you in advance. But when the time comes, will you be ready? Let it be known that you have not much left, for the second Indian will soon come to pass.\i0\par
\par
Second Indian...? Why, that's racist! Way behind the times even!\par
\par
\b *BUZZ*\b0\par
\par
\i One little, Two little, Three little Indians~ puku!\par
Swing, swing, swing...\par
Four little, Five little, Six little Indians~ puku!\par
Swing, swing, swing...\par
Seven little, Eight little, Nine little Indians~ puku!\par
Swing, swing, swing... Ready?!\par
You bet, puku!!!\par
TEN LITTLE INDIAN BOYS!!!\i0\par
\par
I get it now... That rhyme from my childhood, now used as a framework for this "savior's" method of salvation. Sayo and Inoue have told me about this, read it from somewhere...\par
\par
\i Sayo:\i0  "On that island, ten people died according to rhyme. And the very same rhyme conveys an omen of death. Never have I thought that even under the watchful eye of the Law, we would avoid such conundrums."\par
\par
\i Ichirou:\i0  "Sayo?! How long have you been -"\par
\par
\i Sayo:\i0  "Surely, Kyou was the first Indian if we consider this little rhyme of his. He's challenging us, Ichirou. His gambit relies on him remaining undercover until the entire ordeal is over. Talk about hypocrisy on his part..."\par
\par
\i Ichirou:\i0  "I suppose you're right, but wait... don't you think?"\par
\par
\i Sayo:\i0  "Yes. By now, there would already have been eight victims before Kyou, which makes this Second Indian of his more confusing. It should be his last. Unless..."\par
\par
\b *BUZZ*\b0\par
\par
\i Ichirou:\i0  "Inoue! He's going after her!"\par
\par
\i Sayo:\i0  "Hold it, Ichirou. We can't say for sure that he's going after a vulnerable girl. He's a principled criminal, whoever he or she is. Meticulous, if you would put him on an overall scale."\par
\par
\i Ichirou:\i0  "Well, I'm not just gonna stand around here and let him make his move. Right after this, I'm going to the hospital to warn Inoue!"\par
\par
\i Sayo:\i0  "I'll report this to the police. Emmerich should be able to handle this."\par
\par
\i Ichirou:\i0  "And what if he doesn't? Tell me how, Sayo?"\par
\par
\i Sayo:\i0  "Shhh! Listen!"\par
\par
\i And do not think I'll be done just yet. Yawn at the words I speak and leave this all behind you. But there are those before you who did as expected and look what happened. You wouldn't want a repeat performance of that, would you? Don't be naive as that girl...\par
\par
If I were able to capture two in the most unimaginable circumstances possible, then I can just do it again and again... Hehehehehe... You keep your wits about you, and keep an eye on your peers as best as you can. I have waited long for our intellects to clash - a cat and mouse on equal footing. I expect great things from you...\par
\par
...Student Council President Sayo Ronoroa.\par
\par
Good luck.\i0\par
\par
\b *BUZZ* \i *STATIC*\b0\i0\par
\par
Sayo...? But why? What does she have to do with that maniac?! I don't understand. But if I caught that last bit correctly, then... we're...\par
\par
\i Sayo:\i0  "Back to your rooms, everyone, and nobody leaves until the authorities arrive! All proctors, please suspend the mock examinations. This is an emergency!"\par
\par
She lost her composure, the first I've seen in a while since First Year. Sayo has been threatened - I wouldn't call that a challenge. At this point, the path beyond is blocked by a smoke screen. Whether the smoke is gray or red, I couldn't tell... nobody couldn't... It's death or insanity for us.\par
\par
He wins, I reckon, by a long shot.\par
\par
\pard\sl240\slmult1\qc\fs28 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\pard\sl240\slmult1\qj\b\fs22 ENTRY 004 - A Sabotage\par
Placement:\b0  July Chapter\par
\par
This can't be real, can it? We're in danger. I never thought...\par
\par
\i *tap* *tap* *tap*\i0\par
\par
It's been half an hour already since Sayo contacted the police. Where are they? I'm starving here already! Or maybe it's just... The crackers must have been completely digested by my system. What bad luck do we have...\par
\par
\i Miyu:\i0  "You know, it's out of your character to fidget all over the place like that."\par
\par
\i Akira:\i0  "How can you be so calm at this? Didn't you hear what that guy said? He's after our heads, and... the President is in danger!"\par
\par
\i Miyu:\i0  "Oh, I see. I understand now. Why would I be surprised anymore when the things I've seen through my eyes are too much? That phantom figure who passed through me, or that mysterious doppelganger the following evening... You do realize Ichirou and I have been stalked for a while now."\par
\par
I don't know. Miyu's instense glare just provokes the butterflies. Perhaps he's right. I haven't even been in his shoes to question his feelings. He may as well be shaking in fear like the rest of us here, but he's hiding it, putting on a brave face instead.\par
\par
If my impression of him is right, I'd say he's scared... but he's too pissed to show it.\par
\par
\i Miyu:\i0  "Where's Sayo?"\par
\par
\i Akira:\i0  "With Ms. Harada on the center stairs, probably investigating that recording. The entire council has a copy of the audio file - just the pre-recorded countdown, but not that!"\par
\par
\i Miyu:\i0  "Don't overexplain yourself, Akira. I'm just asking where she is, not playing detective here."\par
\par
\i Akira:\i0  "Oh? But I thought you had your eyes on Hikaru?"\par
\par
\i Miyu:\i0  "Shut up! You heard that guy call her out. Of course, I'll be concerned for her and you should be too!"\par
\par
\i Akira:\i0  "Awww... You can't lighten up at a time like this, Miyu? You'll die young if you keep that attitude up."\par
\par
\i Miyu:\i0  "Fine, I'm sorry. I'm just thinking about my own hide. Besides, he's got us by the throat, and when he'll slit the blade we'll never know until someone -"\par
\par
Yeah, spare me the word. I wouldn't want to hear that now.\par
\par
\pard\sl240\slmult1\qc\fs28 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\pard\sl240\slmult1\qj\b\fs22 ENTRY 005 - Sayo's July Journal Entry\par
Placement:\b0  July Chapter\par
\par
While the police were interviewing the other witnesses for yesterday evening's murder, I wrote a new journal entry for the day.\par
\par
\par
\i July 20, 2013\par
\par
It has been less than twenty-fours since the time of Hiroshi's murder. Emmerich has excused us to cooperate in the ir investigation. Not to lose faith in our policemen, but this is already the second murder involving an MSCI student, and our batchmate, no less! Whether this is a necessary flag, I cannot tell for sure.\par
\par
'Till I ramble again,\par
Sayo Ronoroa\i0\par
\par
\pard\sl240\slmult1\qc\fs28 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\pard\sl240\slmult1\qj\b\fs22 ENTRY 006 - The Catwalk Encounter\par
Placement:\b0  October Chapter\par
\par
I don't believe this!\par
\par
Of all the places and the times, why did they come at Theater Night? How bold! An impending murder? And in front of no less than five-hundred people, mayor included?\par
\par
This is already Act V. Why is no one from IV-A manning the backstage? It could have very well saved us the energy. It doesn't look like the actors will return soon. I must push forward, whatever the cost.\par
\par
They left one of the doors ajar -- the one leading to the upper storage. Footsteps, theirs or mine, can be heard no longer, drowned by the sounds coming from the play.\par
\par
Already up at the catwalk. I could barely hear my own breathing. Now, where could they have hidden. Tread carefully.\par
\par
\i Let us remember our brothers and sisters who have fallen from these sinister machinations. O, the horrors they suffered! Let the spirit of justice descend down upon us and deliver us reprieve!\i0\par
\par
I sure hope so.\par
\par
Kyou, Hiroshi, Ichirou, and Yoshiro... if it is justice you need, then I will hand it down to you. Just let me survive this night.\par
\par
\i *SLAM*\i0\par
\par
What was that? Ah! The upper storage. I nearly forgot.\par
\par
I dashed to the other side, having finally cornered that phantom. Once I reached the door, I grabbed the nearest weapon. Steel pipe in hand, I turned the knob.\par
\par
\i *RATTLE* *RATTLE*\i0\par
\par
Hoh? They don't want to come out and play nicely? Well then, if it's a forced entry they want, then a forced entry it is. But first...\par
\par
\b\i *KNOCK* *KNOCK* *KNOCK*\b0\i0\par
\par
\i Miyu:\i0  "Come out, L.C.! I'll play with you. But I don't want to play hide and seek. We don't have all night, you know?"\par
\par
No answer, obviously. Time to get to work.\par
\par
Just to be sure, I texted Hikaru about the situation. She was most likely worried after I went after the phantom. Besides, it's not like I'll get caught off guard and die a stupid death.\par
\par
\i Miyu:\i0  "\i Hikaru, I think I cornered L.C. up here at the storage room. Could you send someone here immediately? They locked the room.\i0 "\par
\par
For a few minutes, I sat with the door behind me. To the best of my knowledge, there is no way out of that storage room. Who the heck would design a storage room with two doors, anyway?\par
\par
\i *DING*\i0\par
\par
It's Hikaru.\par
\par
\i Hikaru:\i0  "\i What are you doing? Get down here! I can't find Inspector Emmerich anywhere among the audience.\i0 "\par
\par
Ah, blast it!\par
\par
\i Jack and Jill~\par
Went up the hill~\par
To fetch a pail of water~\i0\par
\par
That's the clearest sound I heard through a wooden door. The acoustics here are so advanced!\par
\par
\i Jack fell down~\par
And broke his crown~\par
And Jill came tumbling after~\i0\par
\par
Except it wasn't really coming from behind... rather, the front!\par
\par
By instinct, I clutched the pipe forward ready to strike. From the other side of the catwalk, there stood a figure, admittedly different than the one I've seen earlier.\par
\par
\i Yoshiro: "Ichirou's murder couldn't have possibly been committed by a single person."\par
\par
Yoshiro: "Either there was an accomplice, or there were TWO people involved with the crimes all along! I'm guessing one male and one female."\par
\par
Miyu: "Jesus Christ, Yoshiro! Of all the examples you could think of, why me and Sayo? Now, you're accusing ME?!"\i0\par
\par
We never saw Sayo again sometime after the third act. That particular conversation echoed in my mind as I watched the petite figure approach. Slowly... Slowly...\par
\par
\i You aren't supposed to be here, you know? You could have just stayed down and watched like a good student. I don't see how coming up here accomplishes anything.\i0\par
\par
Breathe... Breathe... The air around me is losing oxygen. Somehow, the space feels tighter. The acoustics from the play overwhelmed my ears.\par
\par
\i Miyu:\i0  "What you sang just now... Sayo, you're --"\par
\par
\i Sayo:\i0  "Who? Who am I? Is there any problem with singing such a song? There is no merit to nitpick even that, Miyu."\par
\par
\i Miyu:\i0  "We were looking for you. Why did you just suddenly disappear just before your classmates went up? Ayumi is already mad catching \i your\i0  responsibilities!"\par
\par
\i Miyu:\i0  "I understand how much burden these crimes have inflicted upon you and how much it affected your life. But it doesn't mean you'll leave us all in the dark. And now you're here flamboyantly revealing yourself like nothing!"\par
\par
\i Sayo:\i0  "Why should I care?"\par
\par
\i Miyu:\i0  "Godammit, Sayo! You're far from that elderly sister we've met."\par
\par
\b\i *THUD* \b0 *CLANG*\i0\par
\par
\i Miyu:\i0  "Why did you give in? \i *hic*\i0  This is what they wanted. \i *hic*\i0  You aren't that pathetic. You aren't that pathetic! Damn it!"\par
\par
\i Sayo:\i0  "Damn \i us\i0 . Heh... Hehehehehehehehe..."\par
\par
\i Sayo:\i0  "Don't you realize it, Miyu? Ask yourself, why had fate brought us here tonight? It is to fulfill a certain desire. And that desire... what is it that you seek?"\par
\par
I already knew the answer to her question. However, it is something I can't accept wholeheartedly. No. That is not how it's supposed to be. It is implausible.\par
\par
She continued staring down at me. I prostrated myself just to convince her to come back. Somewhere in those dead, cold eyes is the Sayo we know. Not this girl in front of me, her cocked head and even lips now half-curving upwards to an ominous smile.\par
\par
My whole body was shaking, already soaked from the copious amount of perspiration. That fear I had when I first saw that figure, it's all coming to haunt me. This time, there is no escape.\par
\par
\i Sayo:\i0  "You amuse me, Mi-kun. Would you really go that far just to set everything right? Are you certain of that?"\par
\par
\i Miyu:\i0  "Sayo-chan... Come back to us, please..."\par
\par
\i Sayo:\i0  "There is but one way, Mi-kun. If it cannot be through that door, or the other door... Heh... It's all simple logic, isn't it?"\par
\par
\i Miyu:\i0  "Is this why you came here? To see us both dead?"\par
\par
\i Sayo:\i0  "There is no rule prohibiting a suicide from happening as far as I can remember. Besides, we could end it all tonight. No more L.C., no more curse killings, no more tragedy..."\par
\par
\i Miyu:\i0  "Then jump if you wish."\par
\par
\i Sayo:\i0  "What is that?"\par
\par
\i Miyu:\i0  "Jump and fulfill the damn mission yourself! That's something the \i real \i0 Sayo would never \i ever\i0  encourage people to do. I can see through your illusion now."\par
\par
I rose, now towering above the menacing figure. She was unhinged, retaining that arrogant pose while I stood. Didn't even think of smashing my head with a pipe or pushing me over the railing.\par
\par
\i Sayo:\i0  "Hmph. If you say so."\par
\par
\i Miyu:\i0  "You're not Sayo Ronoroa -- Hell, you're not even L.C.! Tell me, who are you?"\par
\par
I stood my ground, piercing through those eyes, not giving a care if she'll thrust a knife to my gut at any moment.\par
\par
\i Sayo:\i0  "\i *snort*\i0  Gahahahahahahahahahaha!\i "\i0\par
\par
I clenched my fist and shot a glance towards the pipe.\par
\par
\i *clap* *clap* *clap*\i0\par
\par
\i Sayo:\i0  "I thought I've lost you to the darkness there, Mi-kun. You're just as resilient as I thought."\par
\par
She stepped back, lessening the curve of her smile. I remained befuddled as her level of hostility lowered. Puzzled, my mouth opened to speak.\par
\par
\i Sayo:\i0  "Shhh! Speak no further. You can drop your weapon now."\par
\par
And I did. When she spoke once more, her voice became less of Sayo's. Her appearance even warped to that of someone else. After squinting my eyes, the first I saw is her bowing down to a curtsy.\par
\par
\i Erika:\i0  "Little Miss Detective Erika Kimura. How do you do?"\par
\par
\i Miyu:\i0  "Erika? What the heck just happened?"\par
\par
\i Erika:\i0  "Just as Emmerich and I thought. Your subconscious was creating images and sensations from your thoughts. It's just like what the victims were experiencing before their deaths."\par
\par
\i Miyu:\i0  "And you're saying that I was drugged?"\par
\par
\i Erika:\i0  "That's the most likely explanation I can think of."\par
\par
\i Miyu:\i0  "But I don't remember drinking or taking any medications. Answer me this: How did you manage to capture Sayo's appearance and behavior? I thought for sure you were her."\par
\par
\i Erika:\i0  "The power of suggestion. Sayo Ronoroa has been missing for a while, you say? Not to worry."\par
\par
\i Erika:\i0  "Midway through the third act, I've noticed the students -- her classmates, I assume -- scrambling to find the director since they were almost up. I tipped Emmerich off, and he left to look for Sayo."\par
\par
\i Miyu:\i0  "So that's what she meant about Emmerich not among the audience members..."\par
\par
\i Erika:\i0  "It's Hikaru, right? As soon as I saw you run towards the backstage, I slipped out of the audience and asked her where you were going. So, I followed you here."\par
\par
\i Miyu:\i0  "How about that song?"\par
\par
\i Erika:\i0  "It's a common element for four murders now, isn't it? I chose a song of my liking that's extremely irrelevant to what is happening tonight. It always starts with a nursery rhyme. Always."\par
\par
\i Erika:\i0  "On the contrary, I could be wrong about it. But that's as scientific an explanation you can get. It's all for the truth, isn't it, Miyu?"\par
\par
I smiled, finally easing myself after the tension a few moments ago. Erika went towards the railing and watched the play from overhead. They were already bringing in the coffin where Inoue is supposed to be.\par
\par
\i Erika:\i0  "What were you doing here, anyway?"\par
\par
\i Miyu:\i0  "\i *gulp*\i0 "\par
\par
\i Erika:\i0  "We've all done foolish things in the past. \i *giggle*\i0  Chasing after justice on your own is both a thrilling and dangerous prospect. Why go in alone?"\par
\par
\i Miyu:\i0  "Maybe because of blind rage? I must tell you how badly I want to catch mice running around like runts -- uninvited guests, if you will."\par
\par
\i Erika:\i0  "Hahahahahahahahaha! Then you're lucky I found you here first. Otherwise, who knows if you'll never come down? You wouldn't want your corpse to be found when your parents are here, right?"\par
\par
\i Miyu:\i0  "That would be catastrophic. If I can't handle the real thing, why imagine it even?"\par
\par
\i Erika:\i0  "But I suppose I should make sure of things while I'm up here."\par
\par
She left her spot and moved towards the upper storage door. After making sure it was locked, she produced a roll of duct tape from her coat. Color me surprised!\par
\par
\i Miyu:\i0  "Aren't we supposed to be breaking in and catching the culprit?"\par
\par
\i Erika:\i0  "Then risk getting accused of theft in case the inventory shows something missing from the room inside? Not a chance, Miyu. I'd rather stay as a witness than a defendant at the stand."\par
\par
That's right.\par
\par
We were on the losing side of the case during the entire trial. Despite all our efforts to rebutt the evidence and defend Sayo to the bitter end, it was still the prosecution's victory on that day. Emmerich stayed neutral throughout the whole proceedings.\par
\par
\i Emmerich:\i0  "\i Win or lose, I'll be honest. That judge over there? I don't like him."\par
\par
Emmerich: "It's not personal or anything per se, but if even the Sarge doesn't like his face, then there is definitely a good reason. A rotten egg that deserves to be broken like Humpty Dumpty shouldn't be pounding that gavel.\i0 "\par
\par
If Erika hadn't stopped the trial and exposed the judge's corruption, Sayo would've been behind bars. Her family would be shamed.\par
\par
Instead, those shamed on that day were the Shinozakis -- the one people nobody expected to commit such a deed. Even Inoue couldn't believe she was made a puppet!\par
\par
That day was bittersweet. It was Sayo's... our victory, but at the cost of Inoue's trust. She never spoke to us from then on, and she retired her position to me. I almost couldn't accept it. It was like we lost two friends by something even worse than death.\par
\par
Erika was already finished sealing the door with her magical tape. It was bizarre, but it was better than my plan.\par
\par
\i Miyu:\i0  "Thank you, Erika."\par
\par
\i Erika:\i0  "It's nothing. This should hold out until the police comes to check this place."\par
\par
\i Miyu:\i0  "I mean... Thank you for saving Sayo."\par
\par
\i Erika:\i0  "Miyu, do remember this."\par
\par
\i Erika:\i0  "There are times when you need to take a few steps back to reassess the problem. There may be new angles you haven't considered. There may be lies and illusions where you thought they weren't supposed to be. You must not be led astray."\par
\par
\i Erika:\i0  "When the time comes, are you ready to accept that most of the people you meet hide behind a mask? That there are friends who may actually be enemies?"\par
\par
\i Miyu:\i0  "Yes. Yes, I do."\par
\par
\i Erika:\i0  "Even if you are the monster, realize it or not? Even if it's me?"\par
\par
\i Miyu:\i0  "I don't know what that is implying, but certainly."\par
\par
\i Erika:\i0  "Please be true with your words, because at the end of the day, it will be your own struggle again. I am just a visitor who can only do so little to help."\par
\par
\i Miyu:\i0  "No, Little Miss Detective. Your word has not fallen on deaf ears."\par
\par
\i Erika:\i0  "Good!"\par
\par
She smiled. It was the first genuine smile I've seen from her ever since Emmerich introduced her to us. She held out her hand.\par
\par
\i Erika:\i0  "Shall we return? I fear we might miss the climax if we stick around."\par
\par
The music was rising up once more. Erika and I hurried to the bottom of the stairs and went through the backstage.\par
\par
Once we're out, we were greeted by Hikaru and Sumiko, the former greatly worried and the latter... arms crossed just like his facial expression. When Erika explained the situation, both of them calmed down and I apologized.\par
\par
As she was walking up the aisle and back to her seat, Erika stopped to stare at the stage... or at the actor standing over Inoue's coffin.\par
\par
\i Sumiko:\i0  "What's going on? He's not delivering his speech properly."\par
\par
\i Hikaru:\i0  "What's up with his face? I don't remember seeing him like that during the rehearsals."\par
\par
That's because something inside that coffin -- where he's looking at -- isn't supposed to be there. Or rather, what is inside is not scripted at all.\par
\par
Where is Sayo?!\par
\par
\f2\par
}
 