{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang13321{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Garamond;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa200\sl240\slmult1\qc\lang100\b\f0\fs28 DEATH ROULETTE - FREEWRITING PAD\b0\par
\pard\sl240\slmult1\qc ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\pard\sl240\slmult1\qj\b\fs22 ENTRY 001 - Inoue's Confession\par
Placement:\b0  August Chapter\par
\par
In the heat of the argument between Ichirou and Sayo's groups, one voice silenced the rest and all heads upon its direction.\par
\par
\i Inoue:\i0  "Everyone, please... Listen to me. Enough of all the speculations and accusations. I will talk."\par
\par
\i Ichirou:\i0  "What do you mean, Inoue?"\fs28\par
\fs22\par
\i Inoue:\i0  "I witnessed it - the moment of Kirisaki's death."\par
\par
\b *GASP*\b0\par
\par
\i Ichirou:\i0  "Please, tell us! If you're telling the truth, then we will listen."\par
\par
\i Inoue:\i0  "The image... still forged deep within my memory. I thought I might have lost my mind to trauma while I was still hospitalized. But with Hiroshi's death, I realized that everything was real... a waking nightmare... His screams, pleading for someone to save him from his infernal suffering. And I couldn't do anything..."\par
\par
Every sentence, every word... Inoue slowly, slowly, slowly trailed off into the insanity she acquainted with during her detention. Kyou's final moments flashed violently in her mind, while she fought back her tears and tried maintaining her sanity.\par
\par
\i Inoue:\i0  "It was me."\par
\par
"WHAT?! You can't be serious!"\par
\par
\i Sayo:\i0  "Inoue, are you certain about what you claim?! Aren't you incriminating yourself for Kirisaki's murder?"\par
\par
\i Inoue:\i0  "Sayo, I need not hear a lecture from you. Besides, don't I consider you a suspect in our abduction?"\par
\par
\i Sayo:\i0  "I never! Anyway, for everyone's sake, you must speak the truth and \i only\i0  the truth regarding what you saw."\par
\par
\i Inoue:\i0  "That is the truth! You -"\par
\par
\i Sayo:\i0  "Never mind me! Your testimony!"\par
\par
\i Inoue:\i0  "If you insist, I'll have to deal with you personally later..."\par
\par
She collected her thoughts, quelled her emotions and went about the events for a short while. Inoue and the rest readied themselves, then she spoke.\par
\par
\i Inoue:\i0  "I caused his death - I didn't make myself clear the first time. We had a fight in the conjuncting chemistry lab, one I can only vaguely recall, and I shoved him to a shelf full of chemicals. He was bathed in them, and he winced and fell into a stupor."\par
\par
\i Inoue:\i0  "Still in shock, I dragged him to the infirmary and propped him up to the bed. There was no container big enough to hold a medium amount of water. Instead, I connected a hose to one of the taps - I didn't check. As soon as I opened the taps, flame rushed down and almost burned the entire room. I extinguished the fire, and what was left was Kirisaki's body, burned to a crisp beyond recognition."\par
\par
Silence...\par
\par
\i Inoue:\i0  "\i *sniff*\i0  I murdered him... You can all stop bickering about his death for now."\par
\par
She broke down in tears, caving in the guilt she gained from her actions. Hikaru came to her aid and wiped the tears gushing forth her eyes. Yoshiro shared his thoughts to the rest of the group.\par
\par
\i Yoshiro:\i0  "People may or may not believe what you just said, but... it's just my thought."\par
\par
\i Inoue:\i0  "Go on."\par
\par
\i Yoshiro:\i0  "You're innocent. I know it. You were set up by the culprit, and warped your mind in such a way that would incite confusion in your memory. You may be aware of some of your actions, but there are holes left to fill when deciding your innocence and guilt."\par
\par
\i Hikaru:\i0  "What do you mean, Yoshiro? She told us her story, and she swallowed her fear in order to do so."\par
\par
\i Yoshiro:\i0  "No, Hikaru... It's far more complicated than that. Besides, aren't we also supposed to be looking into who is behind all of this?"\i\par
\i0\par
Inoue's emotions shifted back to rage and charged at her suspect. Hikaru held her back.\par
\i\par
Inoue:\i0  "It was you! Sayo Ronoroa!"\par
\par
She broke free from Hikaru's grasp and grabbed Sayo by her blouse's collar.\par
\par
\i Sayo:\i0  "It wasn't me, I tell you! Ack! You have no evidence either way..."\par
\par
\i Inoue:\i0  "Of course I don't. Because it no longer exists... it was disposed to cover up your involvement in the kidnapping. So, you criminal, confess!"\par
\par
Ichirou and Yoshiro each held an arm despite Inoue's solid resistance.\par
\par
\i Sayo:\i0  "You don't know what you're talking about. Let me go, Inoue!"\par
\par
At last they were separated. Hikaru and Ichirou took Inoue away to calm her nerves. Sayo was on the ground, clutching her neck and coughing violently from the former's chokehold.\par
\par
\i Sayo:\i0  "This is madness..."\par
\par
Miyu extended his hand and helped Sayo sit on the bench outside IV-E. Ikuko rushed from inside and procured a water bottle for her. She drank half and remained speechless for a minute.\par
\par
\i Miyu:\i0  "Shall we report this to Mrs. Genkai?"\par
\par
\i Sayo:\i0  "I know. But for now, let me forgive her. She may have wronged me, but I cannot afford to upset her any further."\par
\par
\i Miyu:\i0  "She has no evidence! What right has she to assault you in any way?"\par
\par
\i Ikuko:\i0  "Miyu, please remain calm. Sayo's having a lot running in her head now."\par
\par
\i Miyu:\i0  "Sayo's being falsely accused of murder or at least masterminding the kidnappings. I suppose you're aware of the consequences if we let this slide?"\par
\par
\i Ikuko:\i0  "I know that. It's just -"\par
\par
\i Miyu:\i0  "We \i cannot\i0  set this issue aside. Ikuko... we already have two victims since the start of the year - worse, the second happened to be inside the Council Office!"\par
\par
\i Sayo:\i0  "That's enough, Miyu..."\par
\par
\i Miyu:\i0  "I'm not letting people point fingers at each other with just a mere hunch for basis. If we are to nab the killer, I suggest we do it now! Unless you want to watch someone else die by the end of the month."\par
\par
\i Sayo:\i0  "As the President, I command you to stop!"\par
\par
The words, produced from the Council President's welling irritation, pierced through the walls of the classroom and through Miyu's character. Sayo and Ikuko's classmates glanced out the window and saw the shivering figure of Miyu, shocked at her sudden lashing.\par
\par
Sayo came through and hung her head in dismay.\par
\par
\i Sayo:\i0  "I fully understand why you're acting that way, Miyu. Even I couldn't bear to witness another murder if there ever will be."\par
\par
Miyu responded nothing and crossed his arms; Ikuko likewise.\par
\par
\i Sayo:\i0  "But you know the difference between yours and mine - sentiments, I mean?"\par
\par
\i Miyu:\i0  "I get it."\par
\par
\i Sayo:\i0  "Yes... exactly. I'm the head of the student body, and there's a code of responsibility I must upkeep. It gnaws at me each day, telling me I could have done more to stop the crimes from ever happening. And still, it does not suffice... yet, I've been delivering my all! I have!"\par
\par
\i Sayo:\i0  "If it is for petty reasons, Miyu, then I can see things from your standpoint. I ask you to do the same, not just for me or Inoue, but for everyone else."\par
\par
\i Miyu:\i0  "I'm scared..."\par
\par
\i Sayo:\i0  "Pardon?"\par
\par
\i Miyu:\i0  "I don't want to die... not like the way Kyou and Hiroshi met theirs. It's f... messed up! Savaged like they were animals..."\par
\par
\i Ikuko:\i0  "Me neither. All I can do now is to assure my parents of my safety. Though I guarantee, they'll stop me from attending classes here in MSCI if another one falls..."\par
\par
\i Miyu:\i0  "If only Emmerich would hurry up with his investigation... if only that pathetic excuse of a criminal would just raise his flag and die!"\par
\par
Just outside IV-A, Inoue clenched her teeth as she listened to Ichirou and Yoshiro's questions and sermons. Occasionally, Inoue would explode and object to anything that would raise her blood pressure. Hikaru was present, trying to rationalize her and eased the current tension.\par
\par
After her third objection and subsequent rationalization, Inoue has considerably mellowed though her teeth were still visibly gritting.\par
\par
\i Yoshiro:\i0  "Now. Now. Let's not get ahead of ourselves. We ask you once more, Inoue, are you a hundred percent sure of your statement moments ago? Yes or no?"\par
\par
\i Inoue:\i0  "You think I'm off my head, don't you?"\par
\par
\i Yoshiro:\i0  "No, we don't. If Emmerich is to question you however, I fear he may not be as lenient as any of us. Just trying to be fair here. Again, your answer?"\par
\par
\i Inoue:\i0  "Yes. I did not make any of it up!"\par
\par
\i Yoshiro:\i0  "That's my exit cue."\par
\par
His questioning done, Yoshiro stepped aside and allowed her some breathing room. Hikaru peaked around the corner towards the other Fourth Year classrooms. She saw, on one bench, Sayo and Ikuko, and standing before them, Miyu. He dropped his crossed arms as Hikaru withdrew her neck.\par
\par
\i Inoue:\i0  "Why is he on that girl's side?"\par
\par
\i Hikaru:\i0  "Don't think too hard about it, Inoue. He must be getting her own side, that's all."\par
\par
\i Inoue:\i0  "Hmph. What lies are she feeding him? Who is to say that her words are to be trusted?"\par
\par
\i Ichirou:\i0  "Aren't you in the same position as well? Thinking about it..."\par
\par
\i Inoue:\i0  "Ichi, you shut the f-!"\par
\par
\i Hikaru:\i0  "Tsk!"\par
\par
Hikaru's glare tore through both of them, averting any further animosity between them. Inoue became agitated once more, while Ichirou brushed aside her almost-curse.\par
\par
\i Ichirou:\i0  "Look... if you were to tell this to anyone - not us, not your brother, not your parents - they're gonna think of you as a criminal."\par
\par
Inoue rolled her eyes and gazed at the wall.\par
\par
\i Ichirou:\i0  "What you just testified is damning to your reputation. Be it false or true, that's gonna deal a significant damage to your reputation for sure. Oh, and it's not just yours, mind you."\par
\par
Though his tone sarcastic, he scanned his eyes around his companions hoping to deliver his point.\par
\par
\i Ichirou:\i0  "By any chance, do you record every call into to your landline?"\par
\par
\i Inoue:\i0  "Normally, we don't. Not that night either."\par
\par
\i Ichirou:\i0  "Then... you have no evidence. We have no leads to follow."\par
\par
\i Inoue:\i0  "Fine."\par
\par
\i Hikaru:\i0  "But you mentioned something about a letter sent to you by the culprit. Can you remember the sender's name?"\par
\par
\i Inoue:\i0  "L.C. No idea who that is, for sure."\par
\par
Those initials... if every student and staff are to be considered, nobody holds those or even comes close. If there were connections somehow, they could discover a link... But what?\par
\par
Ichirou's face brightened.\par
\par
\i Ichirou:\i0  "Is it, by any chance, Let Carnegie?"\par
\par
He received three puzzled faces, silently asking if that was a random outburst - yet again - from him. He explained himself.\par
\par
\i Ichirou:\i0  "That name popped up when I researched the records online regarding the people and events on both Kutsutochi and Sacred Heart Village. I needed to find some sort of overlap. Though if you will excuse me and listen to what I have to say, we might be one step towards the right path."\par
\par
\pard\sl240\slmult1\qc\fs28 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\pard\sl240\slmult1\qj\b\fs22 ENTRY 002 - The Second Visit\par
Placement:\b0  July Chapter\par
\par
I watched Sayo leave through the door - approved but quite hesitant of my decision to stay behind. To my station I sat and produced the Flash Drive Tomonori-san gave me at the hospital.\par
\par
\i Whatever you do, share this to no one.\i0\par
\par
Those words, pleading and firm, I had to take heed lest this whole investigation turns out to be in favor of the culprit. Once more, I looked over the division between my terminal and the door.\par
\par
She was there... staring with that naughty-looking smile - a split second before the door shut. Let her think whatever she wants to, but this is a vital piece of information I'm digging into.\par
\par
The contents of the Flash Drive are of only an MP4 file. Clearly, this was done as a sort of countermeasure. Nobody would be able to use it for their personal needs. I do hope Emmerich and I are listening to the same recording.\par
\par
I put on my headphones,  clicked the file and it opened at the Media Player.\par
\par
Well, that's them alright - Inoue and Sayo having a nice friendly chat. But what's this? The Sacred Heart Curse Killings... she really did look them up. Why didn't she relay her findings to us, though? It hurts... a bit. Though I can't really blame her.\par
\par
\i Sayo:\i0  "Actually, our girl is linked to the curse killings..."\par
\par
Really? And I thought the guard was just telling a silly ghost story - oh, of course! Suzumoto-san did appear on an interview related to Kugimiya Oizumi's death, about how she's sorry and all.\par
\par
...\par
\par
What's she talking about? Enlighten me when I get home, Sayo.\par
\par
\i Inoue:\i0  "Good night, Sayo. See you tom -"\par
\par
\i Sayo:\i0  "Sleep tight, dear Inoue."\par
\par
\i Inoue:\i0  "That's sweet, now would you please -"\par
\par
\i Sayo:\i0  "Star light... star bright... \i *hum* *hum* *hum*\i0 "\par
\par
\i Inoue:\i0  "I need to sleep now, okay? Bye!"\par
\par
\b\i *SLAM*\b0\i0\par
\par
\i Sayo:\i0  "...have the wish I wish tonight. *giggle* *giggle* Ehehehehehe..."\par
\par
After the beep, there came silence. The sound file's contour ended in a flat line. Normally, I would have closed the file there, but I needed to see how long this goes. Dragging the scroll bar to the right, I watched as the line went on, and on, and on...\par
\par
I took the headphones off for a minute, as they were already squeezing my head into a pulp. Amidst the light pitter-pattering of rain, there were people passing by the room - a few of which I recognize. Still, I kept on following the line.\par
\par
Though my thinking seems crazy, I found a sharp vertical contour hidden far from where the call has ended. It appears I may be the first to know what this is as Emmerich mentioned nothing of the sort.\par
\par
Headphones reworn, I played the file a few seconds before that section.\par
\par
\b\i *RIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIINNNNNNNNGGGGG*\b0\i0\par
\par
\i Hiroshi:\i0  "Aaaaaaarrrrggghhhh!!! Damn, that hurts!"\par
\par
Stupid prank... my ears are still ringing from whatever crevice of Hell that came from. I... I did not just say it, did I?\par
\par
Black - I became enshrouded in darkness. The rain, or rather, the wind must have caused the outage.\par
\par
\pard\sl240\slmult1\qc\fs28 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\pard\sl240\slmult1\qj\b\fs22 ENTRY 003 - Sayo is Challenged\par
Placement:\b0  July Chapter\par
\par
We arranged ourselves according to surname. I, Ichirou Yokohama, was assigned to Test Room 5 - Classroom IV-E in a normal day. Since First Year, the girls were always more numerous in number compared to the boys.\par
\par
And it looks like I'll be in the same room as my former classmate, Hikaru. She can't stop herself from giving hand signals to Aria, doesn't she?\par
\par
The proctor was already waiting inside, a thick pile of test booklets and answer sheets on his desk. He directed each one of us to sit in a particular seat arranged by column - I was in the second-to-last, back row. Afterwards, he distributed the testing materials to the first row seaters and stressed that we do not open the booklets until he says so.\par
\par
\i Proctor:\i0  "I hope you've brought your No. 2s as instructed. Please fill out the form on the first page. I have written some of the information you might need on the blackboard."\par
\par
He directed our attention to the School ID and Division Number written in big letters. As for the rest of the details, we shaded the circles in the front page to feed our information into a machine. That machine checks for the position of the marks and uses it as input for their database as well as facilitate automated checking of answers later in the test proper - the back page. The black dashes on the right of the page are the markers... some basic stuff that people need to know.\par
\par
Sayo made one last round trip moments later before heading into Test Room 4. After another ten minutes, the teachers gave the proctors a signal, and synchronized the start time to 8AM sharp. The time limit is until noon, and nobody is allowed to leave until then.\par
\par
Everyone opened their test booklets, the proctor sat chin on fingers behind the desk, and we began.\par
\par
\b *BUZZ*\b0\par
\par
That was the sound system! It was supposed to have been fixed yesterday. Or rather, only two hours have barely passed. I thought they would start announcing the time remaining at eleven?\par
\par
\i AAAAAAAAAAAHHHH!!! \b *BREATHE*\b0  AAAAAAAAHHHH!!!\i0\par
\par
What the?! Is that...?\par
\par
\i Kyou:\i0  "\lang1033\b\f1 *WHEEZE*\b0  AAAAAAAAAHHHH!!! It burns! Haa\'85 Haa\'85 It burns! Gah\'85! Ino... ue... HELP ME! SOMEBODY!!!\lang100\f0 "\par
\par
\b\i *STATIC*\i0  *BUZZ*\b0\par
\par
Pencils started dropping on the floor, either by intense shock or by pain coming from that stupid buzz! OW! Whoever set that up is sick... beyond sick! Heck, the whimpering from the girls in the room are extending beyond these walls.\par
\par
\b\i *STATIC*\b0\i0\par
\par
\i Good day, my friends.\i0\par
\par
And a voice spoke, somewhat robotic or otherworldly, but none of which we recognized at all. However, beneath that gentlemanlike tone, there hides... how would Sayo put it?\i\par
\par
First of all, I would like to humbly apologize for the commotion I may have caused. It seems that I have come on an inopportune time. Again, I extend my apologies.\i0\par
\par
The proctor bursted outside, shouting at somebody off-view.\par
\par
\i Proctor:\i0  "Can somebody shut that thing off? It's unnerving everybody!"\par
\par
\i Ichirou:\i0  "No, sir! We have to listen."\par
\par
\i Proctor:\i0  "An official assessment is underway, Mr. Yokohama!"\par
\par
\i Ichirou:\i0  "Evidence, sir! Please, we must let him talk!"\par
\par
Everyone else agreed and supported my plea. The proctor half-heartedly returned to his seat subtly shaking with fear.\par
\par
\i Hikaru:\i0  "But Ms. Harada..."\par
\par
\i I admit it. I'm the one who caused all the trouble the previous month. You have just listened to the final moments of Kyou Kirisaki and I'm certain he is still fresh in your memories. A valiant attempt to save his life, but the moment the flame was permitted to let loose fate had already been decided. A waste, but nevertheless one less worry on my end and add that to the others.\par
\par
So now, I question myself, who is next? Answer this for me, who wishes to go next, I wonder?\i0\par
\par
That bastard!\par
\par
\i Classmate:\i0  "Ichirou!"\par
\par
\i Ichirou:\i0  "Who the hell do you think you are?! Some kind of God? You can't just take our lives for this silly game of yours!"\par
\par
\i Proctor:\i0  "Mr. Yokohama, please settle down."\par
\par
I turned a deaf ear on him and burst out of the classroom. He didn't follow me, only shaking his head in disappointment and disbelief.\par
\par
\i It is rather fascinating - that ecstasy one feels when his conjectures are correct. You expose those who live a double face and tear them down along to the others of their kind. And as made clear by recent events, there are merely two possibilities - a shattered persona or the end of life.\par
\par
If you were given the choice, would rather live on in this world full of sorrow and anguish living the lies you yourself have created, or would you choose mercy and carry on to the next life where all your imagined Utopias come to fruition? This world is naught but an illusion, and all its inhabitants live with an illusion they cannot rid themselves of nonetheless.\par
\par
And I offer salvation - I have finally come. Those who are the chosen few, I congratulate you in advance. But when the time comes, will you be ready? Let it be known that you have not much left, for the second Indian will soon come to pass.\i0\par
\par
Second Indian...? Why, that's racist! Way behind the times even!\par
\par
\b *BUZZ*\b0\par
\par
\i One little, Two little, Three little Indians~ puku!\par
Swing, swing, swing...\par
Four little, Five little, Six little Indians~ puku!\par
Swing, swing, swing...\par
Seven little, Eight little, Nine little Indians~ puku!\par
Swing, swing, swing... Ready?!\par
You bet, puku!!!\par
TEN LITTLE INDIAN BOYS!!!\i0\par
\par
I get it now... That rhyme from my childhood, now used as a framework for this "savior's" method of salvation. Sayo and Inoue have told me about this, read it from somewhere...\par
\par
\i Sayo:\i0  "On that island, ten people died according to rhyme. And the very same rhyme conveys an omen of death. Never have I thought that even under the watchful eye of the Law, we would avoid such conundrums."\par
\par
\i Ichirou:\i0  "Sayo?! How long have you been -"\par
\par
\i Sayo:\i0  "Surely, Kyou was the first Indian if we consider this little rhyme of his. He's challenging us, Ichirou. His gambit relies on him remaining undercover until the entire ordeal is over. Talk about hypocrisy on his part..."\par
\par
\i Ichirou:\i0  "I suppose you're right, but wait... don't you think?"\par
\par
\i Sayo:\i0  "Yes. By now, there would already have been eight victims before Kyou, which makes this Second Indian of his more confusing. It should be his last. Unless..."\par
\par
\b *BUZZ*\b0\par
\par
\i Ichirou:\i0  "Inoue! He's going after her!"\par
\par
\i Sayo:\i0  "Hold it, Ichirou. We can't say for sure that he's going after a vulnerable girl. He's a principled criminal, whoever he or she is. Meticulous, if you would put him on an overall scale."\par
\par
\i Ichirou:\i0  "Well, I'm not just gonna stand around here and let him make his move. Right after this, I'm going to the hospital to warn Inoue!"\par
\par
\i Sayo:\i0  "I'll report this to the police. Emmerich should be able to handle this."\par
\par
\i Ichirou:\i0  "And what if he doesn't? Tell me how, Sayo?"\par
\par
\i Sayo:\i0  "Shhh! Listen!"\par
\par
\i And do not think I'll be done just yet. Yawn at the words I speak and leave this all behind you. But there are those before you who did as expected and look what happened. You wouldn't want a repeat performance of that, would you? Don't be naive as that girl...\par
\par
If I were able to capture two in the most unimaginable circumstances possible, then I can just do it again and again... Hehehehehe... You keep your wits about you, and keep an eye on your peers as best as you can. I have waited long for our intellects to clash - a cat and mouse on equal footing. I expect great things from you...\par
\par
...Student Council President Sayo Ronoroa.\par
\par
Good luck.\i0\par
\par
\b *BUZZ* \i *STATIC*\b0\i0\par
\par
Sayo...? But why? What does she have to do with that maniac?! I don't understand. But if I caught that last bit correctly, then... we're...\par
\par
\i Sayo:\i0  "Back to your rooms, everyone, and nobody leaves until the authorities arrive! All proctors, please suspend the mock examinations. This is an emergency!"\par
\par
She lost her composure, the first I've seen in a while since First Year. Sayo has been threatened - I wouldn't call that a challenge. At this point, the path beyond is blocked by a smoke screen. Whether the smoke is gray or red, I couldn't tell... nobody couldn't... It's death or insanity for us.\par
\par
He wins, I reckon, by a long shot.\par
\par
\pard\sl240\slmult1\qc\fs28 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\pard\sl240\slmult1\qj\b\fs22 ENTRY 004 - A Sabotage\par
Placement:\b0  July Chapter\par
\par
This can't be real, can it? We're in danger. I never thought...\par
\par
\i *tap* *tap* *tap*\i0\par
\par
It's been half an hour already since Sayo contacted the police. Where are they? I'm starving here already! Or maybe it's just... The crackers must have been completely digested by my system. What bad luck do we have...\par
\par
\i Miyu:\i0  "You know, it's out of your character to fidget all over the place like that."\par
\par
\i Akira:\i0  "How can you be so calm at this? Didn't you hear what that guy said? He's after our heads, and... the President is in danger!"\par
\par
\i Miyu:\i0  "Oh, I see. I understand now. Why would I be surprised anymore when the things I've seen through my eyes are too much? That phantom figure who passed through me, or that mysterious doppelganger the following evening... You do realize Ichirou and I have been stalked for a while now."\par
\par
I don't know. Miyu's instense glare just provokes the butterflies. Perhaps he's right. I haven't even been in his shoes to question his feelings. He may as well be shaking in fear like the rest of us here, but he's hiding it, putting on a brave face instead.\par
\par
If my impression of him is right, I'd say he's scared... but he's too pissed to show it.\par
\par
\i Miyu:\i0  "Where's Sayo?"\par
\par
\i Akira:\i0  "With Ms. Harada on the center stairs, probably investigating that recording. The entire council has a copy of the audio file - just the pre-recorded countdown, but not that!"\par
\par
\i Miyu:\i0  "Don't overexplain yourself, Akira. I'm just asking where she is, not playing detective here."\par
\par
\i Akira:\i0  "Oh? But I thought you had your eyes on Hikaru?"\par
\par
\i Miyu:\i0  "Shut up! You heard that guy call her out. Of course, I'll be concerned for her and you should be too!"\par
\par
\i Akira:\i0  "Awww... You can't lighten up at a time like this, Miyu? You'll die young if you keep that attitude up."\par
\par
\i Miyu:\i0  "Fine, I'm sorry. I'm just thinking about my own hide. Besides, he's got us by the throat, and when he'll slit the blade we'll never know until someone -"\par
\par
Yeah, spare me the word. I wouldn't want to hear that now.\par
\par
\pard\sl240\slmult1\qc\fs28 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\pard\sl240\slmult1\qj\b\fs22 ENTRY 005 - Sayo's July Journal Entry\par
Placement:\b0  July Chapter\par
\par
While the police were interviewing the other witnesses for yesterday evening's murder, I wrote a new journal entry for the day.\par
\par
\par
\i July 20, 2013\par
\par
It has been less than twenty-fours since the time of Hiroshi's murder. Emmerich has excused us to cooperate in the ir investigation. Not to lose faith in our policemen, but this is already the second murder involving an MSCI student, and our batchmate, no less! Whether this is a necessary flag, I cannot tell for sure.\par
\par
'Till I ramble again,\par
Sayo Ronoroa\i0\par
\par
\f2\par
}
 